what up long beach welcome back to your
home for everything local sports it's JJ
this men's basketball video is brought
to you by the fine folks at naples rib
company and it's thursday bull night in
the Walter pyramid as Long Beach State
hosts USC Mike caffee in the 49ers first
game in 12 days still trying to get that
second win on the season and it's the
marquee matchup of the non-conference
because Trojans roamed their horses
south for this one
Long Beach native or Shawn Prince part
of the maroon and gold as head coach
Andy Enfield from the infamous
free-flying
Gulf Coast team of last year's NCAA
tournament and radio personality Petros
Papadakis repping the st. John Bosco
Jersey Shawn McGrew for all those angry
white running backs out there love it
from the tip doors open mang it was back
and forth like an open run and with the
help of seven first half turnovers
it was Long Beach State who took the
advantage in the open floor
14 fast-break points for the 49ers there
AJ Spencer here in a game so caffeinated
to be like Mike to run out and once for
the junior point guard Long Beach State
up early 1110 the first subs were super
Tyler lamb for Long Beach Road P for USC
both making immediate impacts here's row
Pete offensive rebound
gets to the line taking two of 25 free
throws for the Trojans on the night
first shot for lamb right back like you
left something Brian first NCAA action
in 13 months for the UCLA transfer and
if he had a more sudden impact he would
have dropped two points from the bench
hater SC never dies won't be shade up 20
to 16 but about 10 left in the first not
the only one off the bench ballin Clark
arc angels sing' michaelis sal and then
gulley eight of nine 49ers on the floor
ended up scoring but Keyshawn Howard's
19 points keeps the Trojans within
shouting distance 49ers offense the song
that never ends in the first half
lambs got chops 18 points in 12 minutes
for Tyler lamb USC just basically got
out the Gulf Coast in here in the first
half did not have a point in the open
floor
long beach state just out running the
Trojans and the near capacity crowd just
loves it everything seemed to be going
Long Beach's way in this one loose balls
they were falling to the team in white
almost every single time DJ Dan Jennings
with 10 points 8 rebounds in 3 blocks
49ers trying to get on the run-out lambs
call for a travel and that doesn't make
much sense but the ball don't lie on
that ensuing possession the SC turnover
leads to a khaki layup the breaks
continued to go long beach's wait Howard
for three he gets fouled that's a bad
play you don't want to shoot the jump
shooter but he misses both free throws
Long Beach State up 9 then the pendulum
swings and air ball DJ straight into
Cosette's photographer william johnson
he and his equipment would be ok
the 49ers not so much USC goes on a 13-4
run Orem Oribe with 17 points and 10
rebounds Jones getting in there won't be
stayed up for before Kathy goes behind
the back eat and it's 68-62 with 4
minutes left but oh-oh Oribe he had
quite a game and one it is a one-point
game a little less than two to go
and then back to back Long Beach
turnovers Jacob with the pick-6 it's now
71 70 USC their first lead since the
opening minutes same score next SC
possession best Long Beach State defense
of the night shot clock violation show
with the 49ers trailing by one point 24
seconds left
Mike Kaffee is gonna bring this ball in
no one is ready to stop ball to the 10
ian's the junior guard will stop for no
man because well that's a lane folks
that is Alayne to three-point attempts
would come up short for the Trojans and
winner winner
big time win at home to Long Beach State
dinner first pac-12 win for the Long
Beach de 49ers at home since it was the
pac-10 back in 1999 again
yes these USC Trojans long beach state
takes it 72 71 exactly what this team
and this program needed a marquee win in
the non-conference on TV for everyone to
see
won't be gonna play one more
non-conference game at home that's
Saturday at noon against Montana State
Billings they're gonna go on the road
and then come back home for conference
play for all of that Long Beach State
athletics coverage you stay right here
because this is your home for everything
local sports